Hi, and welcome back.
In this video we're going to be setting
up our project to scrape quotes.
Well of those I've created a new project
called Scraping Quotes.
The code to which is linked in the lecture,
and so feel free to have a wee look at it if you want,
but I'd recommend you go through the few videos here
and just before going into the code.
'Cause the way we're going to structure
the app may be a bit different from,
or more complicated than other things we've done before.
We're going to create a new Python file,
which is going to be app.
This is going to be the entry point of our application.
We're going to be running this file.
We're also going to create a couple of packages.
We're going to create a pages package.
We're going to create a new package
also on the top called locators.
So, notice how our scraping quotes project
contains locators, pages, and app,
and finally, we're also going to create
a final package called parsers.
So now it contains three different packages;
locators, pages, parsers and app.
The purpose of these is to separate
the different parts of our programme.
The locators is going to contain,
you guessed it, the locators of where things
are in the html, how we can find things.
The pages is going to contain the code
to use those locators to find particular things in a page.
And finally, the parsers are very similar to pages,
but for specific things that we want to work with.
Now, okay.
Then we're gonna create a few files.
For the locators we're gonna create two files;
quote locators,
and also a quotes page locators.
The quote locators are those locators
used when we want to extract information
from within a single quote.
Quotes page locators are the locators
for when we want to extract quotes from a page.
In the pages we're going to create a quotes page.
This is going to contain some code related to getting
data out of the quotes page,
which is the main page that we saw earlier
in the previous video.
And finally the parsers is going to contain
one quote, quote, and this is going to get some,
a tag, and is going to be able to find quote data
within that tag.
Okay, let's move on to the next video
where we're going to start writing some of these
locators by comparing and finding things using the browser.
I'll see you in the next video.